Bug 1761495: apply timeout in worker (#1361)
mozilla/glean.js: CHANGELOG.md

[Full changelog](https://github.com/mozilla/glean.js/compare/v1.0.0...main)

> * [#1361](https://github.com/mozilla/glean.js/pull/1361): BUGFIX: Fix if a custom uploader does not have a timeout the upload code will hang forever.
>   * Applied `DEFAULT` timeout on ping upload worker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [#1361](https://github.com/mozilla/glean.js/pull/1361): BUGFIX: Guarantee that custom uploaders will timeout even if they do not implement a timeout mechanism.
```
